[Autogenerated] AWS also provides a command line tool that makes it easy to
integrate resource creation and configuration with shell scripts and
unsupported programming languages with the AWS CLI.
You can accomplish nearly every operation that is
available with the Web console or SDK s.
The main AWS CLI can interact with any of the services,
but amazon also provides a dedicated CLI for elastic beanstalk as well.
I'll be honest, I rarely use the AWS Cli in my day to day work.
I want to demonstrate some applications of it
because I think they may be useful,
but we're going to focus more attention on the
console and software development kits.
The documentation on the CLI is quite extensive,
so after trying it a few times in this course,
you should feel comfortable going it on your own if
the Cli fits your use case better.
In this course,
we'll need to use the CLI to first configure our local
development environment to access our AWS account.
Once this is complete though,
will mainly look at the CLI as an alternative to
actions were doing in the console.
As developers,
we don't often need to automate infrastructure as
much as operations engineers do. So, the usefulness of the CLI is a little bit limited for us